README.md, before:

# Goodbooks: Social network for book lovers

> "Goodbooks" is a twitter-like web app for book lovers to share their opinions on their reads.

![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-1.png)
![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-2.png)

This is my capstone project for the Ruby on Rails path of the Microverse program.
It is my attempt at implementing an MVP version of "Goodbooks": a twitter-like app with working features, such as:
- Simple login function (sessions)
- Side panel with user's info, stats and navigation links
- Form to post "opinions"
- Homepage listing user's latest "opinions"
- Side panel showing suggestions for "who to follow" (homepage)
- Userpage with their latest posted "opinions"
- Side panel showing user's profile, stats, and followers (user page)
- Button to "follow" users

## Built With

- Ruby 3.0.0
- Ruby on Rails 6.1.3
- PostgreSQL 12.6

<!-- ## Live Demo -->

<!-- [Take a look at a live demo of this app](https://####.herokuapp.com/) -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

- Ruby: >=3.0.0
- Rails: >=6.1.3
- Postgres: >=12.6

### Setup

- Clone or download the project to your local machine

- Change to the project's root directory
```
cd goodreads
```

- Install the required gems
```
bundle install
```

- Setup the database
```
rails db:create
rails db:migrate
```

- Start the server
```
rails server
```

- Access the application's web interface on your browser
```
http://localhost:3000/
```
### Testing

- To execute the included unit and integration tests
```
rspec
```

## Author

👨‍💻 **Breno Xavier**

- GitHub: [@brenoxav](https://github.com/brenoxav)
- Twitter: [@brenoxav](https://twitter.com/brenoxav)
- LinkedIn: [Breno Xavier](https://linkedin.com/in/brenoxav)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella), for the concept design
- Microverse
- Odin Project

Commit message:

Add link to live demo to README

README.md, after:

# Goodbooks: Social network for book lovers

> "Goodbooks" is a twitter-like web app for book lovers to share their opinions on their reads.

![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-1.png)
![Screenshot](./screenshots/screenshot-2.png)

This is my capstone project for the Ruby on Rails path of the Microverse program.
It is my attempt at implementing an MVP version of "Goodbooks": a twitter-like app with working features, such as:
- Simple login function (sessions)
- Side panel with user's info, stats and navigation links
- Form to post "opinions"
- Homepage listing user's latest "opinions"
- Side panel showing suggestions for "who to follow" (homepage)
- Userpage with their latest posted "opinions"
- Side panel showing user's profile, stats, and followers (user page)
- Button to "follow" users

## Built With

- Ruby 3.0.0
- Ruby on Rails 6.1.3
- PostgreSQL 12.6

## Live Demo

[Take a look at a live demo of this app](https://goodbooks-social.herokuapp.com/)

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these steps:

### Prerequisites

- Ruby: >=3.0.0
- Rails: >=6.1.3
- Postgres: >=12.6

### Setup

- Clone or download the project to your local machine

- Change to the project's root directory
```
cd goodreads
```

- Install the required gems
```
bundle install
```

- Setup the database
```
rails db:create
rails db:migrate
```

- Start the server
```
rails server
```

- Access the application's web interface on your browser
```
http://localhost:3000/
```
### Testing

- To execute the included unit and integration tests
```
rspec
```

## Author

👨‍💻 **Breno Xavier**

- GitHub: [@brenoxav](https://github.com/brenoxav)
- Twitter: [@brenoxav](https://twitter.com/brenoxav)
- LinkedIn: [Breno Xavier](https://linkedin.com/in/brenoxav)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [Gregoire Vella](https://www.behance.net/gregoirevella), for the concept design
- Microverse
- Odin Project
